{% extends "_layout.html" %}
{% block title %}I2P Development Meeting 11{% endblock %}
{% block content %}
<h3>I2P (invisiblenet) Development Meeting 11</h3>
<div class="irclog">
Courtesy of <a href="http://www.archive.org/">the wayback machine</a>.

--- Log opened Tue Sep 17 22:59:26 2002
23:01 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+v logger] by mids
23:54  * Roto waves
23:54 <@mids> ssh, we arent started :)
23:55 < Lorax> Heh, I am already logged.
23:56  * Lorax waves to any SRHers.
23:59 < Lorax> anyway, if IIP could pass psudonymous keys then SSL can be used, as it's the connection that is secure, not the conversation.  (Unless you have previously established socially satisfactory identification exchange.)
--- Day changed Wed Sep 18 2002
00:00 <@mids> hush
00:01 <@mids> we start in 1 hour
00:01 < Lorax> but we are here now.
00:01 <@mids> but the others aint
00:01 <@mids> its not fair to start :)
00:01 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+m] by mids
00:02 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: not started
00:03 <@Chocolate> starting in about 1 hour
00:04 -!- mode/#iip-dev [-m] by Chocolate
00:23 < Lorax> Why are the logs recording to a website already then?  hrm?  ;)
00:23 <+logger> we are testing the live nsa wiretap
00:24 < Lorax> ah, that is senseable.
00:51 < nop> hi
00:51 < Roto> hulloz
00:53 < thecrypto> hello
00:53 < nop> http://www.techtv.com/screensavers/supergeek/story/0,24330,3347481,00.html
00:53 < nop> friend of mine
00:54 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+o codeshark] by Trent
00:54 < nop> just got back from a deposition
01:00 <@mids> Tue Sep 17 23:00:09 UTC 2002
01:00 <@mids> Welcome everybody
01:00 <@mids> this is the 11th IIP meeting
01:00 <@mids> maybe more, but then I lost count
01:00 <@mids> :)
01:00 <@mids> Agenda for now:
01:00 <@mids> rc2 status update
01:00 <@mids> website
01:00 <@mids> open mic
01:01 <@mids> .
01:01 < Roto> .
01:01 <@mids> nop is on the phone, but he might drop in
01:01 <@mids> like you all know, rc2 has been 'almost there' for a long time
01:01 <@mids> but it didnt work
01:01 <@mids> now it does better :)
01:01 <@mids> userx fixed some bugs with the end-end crypto
01:02 <@mids> and with the 1.1 protocol
01:02 <@mids> I tested it this weekend, and it works great
01:02 <@mids> you can even do 2048 bit encryption etc
01:02 <@mids> so, one step closer to the release
01:02 <@mids> (heh we did say that often)
01:02 <@mids> .
01:03 < codeshark2> what is needed for the release? except the inform stuff?
01:03 -!- codeshark is now known as nickthief53256
01:03 -!- codeshark2 is now known as codeshark
01:03 <@mids> only some minor things: fixup of the commandline help
01:03 <@mids> manpage check
01:04 <@mids> cant think about more
01:04 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+o codeshark] by Trent
01:04 <@codeshark> so, the source is ready
01:04 <@mids> I'd say so
01:05 <@codeshark> ok, i think we should create a build for internal testing then
01:05 <@codeshark> .
01:05 <@mids> ack (pending nops status)
01:05 <@codeshark> and set up inform for the new protocol
01:06 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: RC2
01:06 <@mids> more rc2?
01:06 <@codeshark> another thing we should discuss is: version numbers
01:06 <@codeshark> why call it rc2 ;)
01:06 <@codeshark> .
01:06 <@mids> release candidate
01:07 <@codeshark> yeah sure, but we changed a lot of stuff between rc1 and rc3
01:07 <@codeshark> rc2
01:07 <@mids> yes we did
01:07 <@mids> it aint proper naming this way
01:07 <@mids> based on the changes we should be at 1.3 now
01:08 <@codeshark> yes
01:08 <@codeshark> we could call it 1.3 RC-2 (and then make a final 1.3 soon)
01:08 <@mids> nah
01:09 <@mids> I'd say continue with the numbering like we do now
01:09 <@mids> and in the future, release more often
01:10 <@codeshark> ack
01:10 <@mids> .
01:10 <@codeshark> .
01:10 <@mids> next thing: website
01:10 <@mids> nop reviewed most text, some stuff is reworded
01:11 <@mids> ellison (the designer) is now making a layout for the support page
01:11 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: website
01:11 <@mids> should be there in a week
01:12 <@mids> the latest version of the site is on http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/www/
01:12 <@mids> and in CVS ofcourse
01:12 <@mids> .
01:12 <@mids> site should be up soon too
01:12 <@mids> .
01:13  * mids hands the mic over to codeshark 
01:13 <@codeshark> nothing to add ;)
01:13 <@codeshark> .
01:13 <@mids> yes you do
01:13 <@codeshark> i do?
01:13 <@mids> tell em about your work with the public nodes
01:13 <@codeshark> about the website?
01:13 <@codeshark> ok
01:13 <@mids> how you rescued 2000
01:13 <@codeshark> 23
01:14 <@codeshark> our inform server does very strict checking on the relay nodes: our list has been reduced to about 6 nodes
01:15 <@codeshark> i disabled one of these checks to allow nodes to be down more often
01:15 <@codeshark> and most important:
01:15 <@codeshark> i rescued all nodes ever added to inform and checked if they're still up
01:16 <@codeshark> now, we have 23 nodes in our list
01:16 <@codeshark> .
01:16 < _42> how are nodes added to inform?
01:16 < nop> awesom
01:16 < nop> when you announce
01:16 < nop> it sends a message to inform
01:17 <@codeshark> just for the statist guys here: i added 1125 hosts from the log
01:17 < nop> you know that's a lot of downloads ;)
01:18 <@codeshark> about 300 of them were valid (dns resolves...) and unique hosts
01:18 <@codeshark> .
01:18 <@mids> currently we have 9 nodes on the list... in about 5 days (after the inform testing) that will be 23 (if they keep up)
01:18 <@mids> .
01:19 <@codeshark> right now 22/23 are up
01:19 <@codeshark> .
01:19 -!- mids changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: hurray for the saviour of the public nodes
01:20 < Roto> .
01:20 <@mids> okay, I am out of agenda items
01:20 < nop> rc2
01:20 <@mids> maybe nop has something to add
01:20 < nop> rc2 will be released with website release
01:20 < nop> we will be spending this week thoroughly testing it from a developer's standpoint
01:20 <@codeshark> nop: we should create an internal build of rc2 asap
01:21 < nop> agreed
01:21 < _42> What new features will be added to rc2?
01:21 <@codeshark> so we can set up the network and test inform
01:21 < nop> Perfect Forward Security
01:21 < nop> 160 bit encryption end to end
01:21 < nop> 1536 bit network id
01:21 < nop> 2048 bit PFS keys
01:21 <@codeshark> .
01:21 < nop> and all around just general bug fixes
01:21 < nop> I will get a changelog
01:22 < nop> .
01:23 <@mids> I guess its open microphone time
01:24 <@mids> you can reread the chatlogs of this and the previous meetings on http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/
01:24 <@mids> questions? (I know that Lorax had some... :)
01:25 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: open mic
01:25 <@Chocolate> Lorax timed out
01:25 <@mids> I know :)
01:26  * Roto cheerleads
01:26 <@Chocolate> I'd like to raise the issue of saner version numbers
01:27 <@Chocolate> the feature changes from rc1 to rc2 where realy a minor version increment, not updates to a beta release
01:30 <@mids> the updates got out of hand
01:30 <@mids> for the common good.. but that is no excuse :)
01:37 <+logger> official part is over, if you got more questions; ask here or in #iip
01:37 <+logger> cya next week
--- Log closed Wed Sep 18 01:37:46 2002
</div>
{% endblock %}
