{% extends "_layout.html" %}
{% block title %}I2P Development Meeting 147{% endblock %}
{% block content %}<h3>I2P dev meeting, September 13, 2005</h3>
<div class="irclog">
13:01 < jrandom> 0) hi</p>
13:01 < jrandom> 1) Net status</p>
13:01 < jrandom> 2) SSU introductions / NAT hole punching</p>
13:01 < jrandom> 3) Bounties</p>
13:01 < jrandom> 4) Client app directions</p>
13:01 < jrandom> 5) ???</p>
13:01 < jrandom> 0) hi</p>
13:01  * jrandom waves</p>
13:01 < jrandom> weekly status notes posted up (before the meeting!) at http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2005-September/000892.html</p>
13:01 < jrandom> (drop the .net if you prefer, of course)</p>
13:03 < jrandom> jumping on in to 1) Net status</p>
13:03 < jrandom> there are a few users bouncing a bit on irc, but it seems pretty good for most</p>
13:04 < jrandom> does anyone have any reports regarding other protocols to bring up, or questions/concerns regarding the net status?</p>
13:05 <@cervantes> I've found this version to be the most stable since 0.4.x</p>
13:05 <@cervantes> so top work! ;-)</p>
13:05 < jrandom> w00t</p>
13:05 < jrandom> ok, if there's nothing else on 1) net status, lets move on to 2) SSU introductions</p>
13:06 < jrandom> I don't really have much to add beyond whats in the email - anyone have any questions/comments/concerns?</p>
13:07 < jrandom> if not, i suppose we'll be hearing more when 0.6.0.6 comes out ;)</p>
13:07 < jrandom> ok, moving on to 3) bounties</p>
13:07  * cervantes battens down the hatches</p>
13:08  * cervantes wonders if people have got the hang of the new meeting time yet</p>
13:08 < jrandom> hmm, it doesn't seem like Comwiz is around at the moment.  I suppose we can expect more info when its ready</p>
13:08 < jrandom> bah, bloody americans and their slow time zones</p>
13:09 <+Myo9> I though you were one, having your own bunker and all. ;)</p>
13:09  * susi23 listens to the dialog ;)</p>
13:10 < jrandom> ok, if there's nothing else on 3), we can race on through to 4) client apps directions</p>
13:11 < jrandom> lots of typing in the mail, so rather than repeat it here, anyone have any thoughts on it?  </p>
13:11 < jrandom> its not just an immediate question, if/when people want to chime in on that stuff, please feel free to post to the forum or list as well</p>
13:12 <@cervantes> there's a new Application Support section in the forum, which is a good place to post about such matters</p>
13:12 < jrandom> ah good call</p>
13:13 < jrandom> also the discussion section for non-support comments, e.g. prioritization stuff</p>
13:13 < jrandom> ok, working us towards the first under-15-minute meeting in a long time...</p>
13:14 < kbi> i guess the meetings go fast when everyone is happy</p>
13:15 < jrandom> could be, and hopefully we'll get some posts on the list and the forum</p>
13:15 < jrandom> ok, moving on to 5) ???</p>
13:15 < jrandom> anyone have anything else they want to bring up for the meeting?</p>
13:15 <@cervantes> (except their lunch)</p>
13:17 <@cervantes> there goes 15 mins</p>
13:17  * jrandom winds up</p>
13:17  * jrandom *baf*s the meeting closed</p>
</div>
{% endblock %}