{% extends "_layout.html" %}
{% block title %}I2P Development Meeting 54{% endblock %}
{% block content %}<div class="irclog">
--- Log opened Tue Aug 19 16:56:12 2003</p>
17:00 -!- logger [logger@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:00 -!- Topic for #iip-dev: Weekly IIP development meetings, and other</p>
	 conversations among developers are held here.</p>
17:00 [Users #iip-dev]</p>
17:00 [ cohesion] [ leenookx  ] [ mihi] [ shardy_  ] [ UserXClone]</p>
17:00 [ Ehud    ] [ logger    ] [ nop ] [ thecrypto] [ velour    ]</p>
17:00 [ hezekiah] [ lonelynerd] [ Rain] [ UserX    ] [ WinBear   ]</p>
17:00 -!- Irssi: #iip-dev: Total of 15 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices,</p>
15 normal]</p>
17:00 -!- Irssi: Join to #iip-dev was synced in 7 secs</p>
17:00 < hezekiah> Alright! :)</p>
17:00 < hezekiah> Both loggers are in place. :)</p>
17:01 < thecrypto> yah!</p>
17:03 < hezekiah> Hmmm ...</p>
17:03 < hezekiah> This meeting was supposed to start 3 minutes ago.</p>
17:03 < hezekiah> I wonder what's up.</p>
17:04 < thecrypto> well, whose idle</p>
17:04 < hezekiah> jrand0m's not even online.</p>
17:04 < hezekiah> nop's been idle 15 minutes.</p>
17:05 < nop> hi</p>
17:05 < nop> sorry</p>
17:05 < nop> I'm super busy at work</p>
17:05 < mihi> [22:36] * jrand0m is off to dinner but i'll be back within</p>
	 the half hour for the meeting</p>
17:05 -!- jrand0m [~jrandom@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:05 < hezekiah> Hi, jrand0m.</p>
17:05 < nop> hi</p>
17:05 < nop> ok, here's the thing</p>
17:05 < nop> I can't be seen on IIP at work right now</p>
17:05 < nop> so I'll check in with yall later</p>
17:05 < nop> got slack about it yesterday</p>
17:05 < nop> so</p>
17:05 < hezekiah> Bye, nop.</p>
17:05 < thecrypto> bye</p>
17:06 < nop> I'll hang in the channel</p>
17:06 < nop> just won't be obvious :)</p>
17:06 < hezekiah> jrand0m? Since you do the most talking these days, is</p>
	 there anything you want on the agenda for this meeting?</p>
17:07 < jrand0m> back</p>
17:08 < jrand0m> ok, the pesto pasta was good.</p>
17:08 < jrand0m> lemmie pull up the agenda-ish stuff</p>
17:09 -!- Lookaround [~chatzilla@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:09 < jrand0m> x.1) i2cp sdk mods x.2) i2np review x.3) polling http</p>
	 transport x.4) dev status x.5) todo x.6) plan for next two weeks</p>
17:09 < jrand0m> (place x at whatever # in the agenda it fits)</p>
17:10 < thecrypto> you are the agencda</p>
17:10 < hezekiah> jrand0m: I don't have anything to say, and nop can</p>
17:10 < hezekiah> can't talk.</p>
17:10 < jrand0m> lol</p>
17:10 < hezekiah> UserX most likely won't be adding anything (he usually</p>
	 doesn't), so as far as I'm concerned it's all yours. :0</p>
17:10 < hezekiah> :)</p>
17:10 < jrand0m> 'k.  we logging?</p>
17:10 < jrand0m> heh</p>
17:10 < hezekiah> I'm logging everything.</p>
17:10 < jrand0m> cool.  ok.  0.1) welcome.</p>
17:10 < jrand0m> hi.</p>
17:11 < jrand0m> 0.2) mailing list</p>
17:11 < jrand0m> the list is down atm, back asap.  you'll know when it is :)</p>
17:11 < jrand0m> for the meantime, wiki or use iip to convo.</p>
17:11 < jrand0m> 1.1) i2cp sdk mods</p>
17:12 < jrand0m> the SDK has been updated with some bugfixes, plus some new</p>
	 things in the spec have been introduced.</p>
17:12 < jrand0m> I posted to the list yesterday with the info.</p>
17:13 < jrand0m> hezekiah/thecrypto/jeremiah&gt; any questions on what I posted,</p>
	 or thoughts on a plan to implement the changes?  (or other alternatives I</p>
	 haven't considered?)</p>
17:13 < hezekiah> I've been running around like the chicken with my head</p>
	 cut off getting ready for college.</p>
17:13 < jrand0m> word, understood.</p>
17:13 < hezekiah> I had a cursory look at what you wrote, but haven't actually</p>
	 looked at the changes to the spec.</p>
17:13 < jrand0m> we barely have any more of your time left, do we...</p>
17:13 < hezekiah> Not until I get to college.</p>
17:14 < hezekiah> Once I do, then I will probably be unheard from for at</p>
	 least a week while I adjust.</p>
17:14 < jrand0m> and once you get there you'll have a lot of settling in to do</p>
	 (iirc from when i went to school ;)</p>
17:14 < jrand0m> heh word.</p>
17:14 < hezekiah> Then by then, I should be a bit more efficient and have</p>
	 more time so I can code.</p>
17:14 < jrand0m> cool</p>
17:14 < thecrypto> i'm just doing crypto, so the data structures are my real</p>
	 worry, once i have the CTS mode done, i'll go work on that prolly</p>
17:14 < hezekiah> Anyway, that's my guess.</p>
17:14 < jrand0m> awesome thecrypto</p>
17:15 < jrand0m> ok, the good thing is the SDK works perfectly fine (with</p>
	 the bugs mihi found being fixed [yay mihi!]) without the update to the spec.</p>
17:15 -!- arsenic [~none@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:16 < jrand0m> ok, on to 1.2) i2np review</p>
17:16 < jrand0m> anyone read the doc?</p>
17:16 < jrand0m> ;)</p>
17:16 < hezekiah> Not I, yet.</p>
17:16 < hezekiah> As I said, I'm currently a chicken with its head cut off.</p>
17:17 < hezekiah> BTW jrand0m, it appears you like sending PDF's.</p>
17:17 < jrand0m> can everyone read openoffice .swx?</p>
17:17 < hezekiah> I can.</p>
17:17 < jrand0m> [if so, I'll send swx]</p>
17:17 -!- abesimpson [~k@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:17 < thecrypto> i can</p>
17:17 < hezekiah> I can't search for text in a PDF with KGhostView.</p>
17:17 < hezekiah> So that really hurts.</p>
17:17 < jrand0m> that sucks hezekiah</p>
17:17 -!- mrflibble [mrflibble@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:17 < hezekiah> The linux version of Adobe Acrobat isn't very friendly eiter.</p>
17:18 < jrand0m> ok, openoffice format it is instead of pdf.</p>
17:18 < hezekiah> Cool.</p>
17:18 < jrand0m> um, ok.  i2np has a few minor changes to the LeaseSet</p>
	 structure (reflecting the i2cp change posted earlier), but other than that,</p>
	 largely in place.</p>
17:19 < hezekiah> jrand0m: Are all these docs in cathedral's CVS?</p>
17:19 < nop> oh</p>
17:19 < nop> can I interject</p>
17:19 < hezekiah> i.e. copies of the PDF files you've been sending to the</p>
	 list, etc.</p>
17:19 < hezekiah> nop: Go ahead.</p>
17:19 < nop> this is offtopic but important</p>
17:19 -!- ChZEROHag [hag@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:19 < nop> IIP-dev and the mail are kind of screwy right now</p>
17:19 < hezekiah> I noticed.</p>
17:19 < nop> so bear with us for a bit</p>
17:20 < nop> we're trying to get it up and going</p>
17:20 < nop> but it has spam assassin built in</p>
17:20 < nop> which is the good news</p>
17:20 < nop> :)</p>
17:20 < nop> and a lot of other features</p>
17:20 < jrand0m> any eta nop for the list?</p>
17:20  * ChZEROHag pokes his nose in</p>
17:20 < jrand0m> (i know you're busy, not nagging, just wondering)</p>
17:20 < nop> hopefully by tomorrow</p>
17:20 < jrand0m> cool</p>
17:20 < nop> the mail admin is working on it</p>
17:21  * hezekiah notes that jrand0m _really_ likes the iip-dev list. ;-)</p>
17:21 < nop> haha</p>
17:21 < hezekiah> Go delta407!</p>
17:21 < nop> anyway</p>
17:21 < jrand0m> its best to document decisions publicly hezekiah ;)</p>
17:21 < nop> back to our regularly scheduled meeting</p>
17:21 < jrand0m> heh</p>
17:21 -!- nop is now known as nop_afk</p>
17:21 < hezekiah> jrand0m: So where were we?</p>
17:21 < jrand0m> ok, to your equestion hezekiah&gt; some are, but the latest</p>
	 aren't.  I'll switch to placing in the openoffice format.</p>
17:21 < jrand0m> rather than the pdfs</p>
17:22 < hezekiah> OK.</p>
17:22 < hezekiah> It'd be really cool if all the docs were in CVS.</p>
17:22 < jrand0m> definitely, and they will be</p>
17:22 < hezekiah> Then I can just update, and I know I have the latest edition.</p>
17:22 < jrand0m> (there are the three drafts that aren't so far)</p>
17:22 < hezekiah> (BTW, a little off topic, but is anonymous access to</p>
	 cathedral up yet?)</p>
17:23 < jrand0m> not yet.</p>
17:23 < jrand0m> ok, by friday, I hope to have another draft of I2NP in</p>
	 full form [aka no more ... for the kademlia explanation sections, and sample</p>
	 implementation details]</p>
17:24 < jrand0m> there are no significant changes.  just more filling</p>
	 clarifying things.</p>
17:24 < hezekiah> Sweet.</p>
17:24 < hezekiah> Will there be byte layout for data structures avalible in it?</p>
17:24 < jrand0m> 1.3) I2P Polling HTTP Transport spec.</p>
17:24 < jrand0m> no, byte layouts go in the data structures spec, which</p>
	 should be converted to the standard format instead of html</p>
17:25 < jrand0m> (though I2NP already has all the necessary byte layouts)</p>
17:25 < jrand0m> ((if you read it *cough* ;)</p>
17:25 < hezekiah> Good.</p>
17:25 < hezekiah> lol</p>
17:25 < hezekiah> Sorry about that.</p>
17:25 < hezekiah> As I said, I've been really busy.</p>
17:25 < jrand0m> heh no worry, you're heading off to college shortly, you're</p>
	 supposed to be partying :)</p>
17:25 < hezekiah> Partying?</p>
17:25 < jrand0m> ok, 1.3) I2NP Polling HTTP Transport spec</p>
17:25 < hezekiah> Hmmm ... I guess I'm just odd.</p>
17:25 < jrand0m> heh</p>
17:26 < jrand0m> ok, I tried sending this out earlier, but I'll commit</p>
	 it shortly.  its a quick and dirty transport protocol fitting in with I2NP</p>
	 to allow routers to send data back and forth without direct connections</p>
	 (e.g. firewalls, proxies, etc)</p>
17:27 < jrand0m> I'm *hoping* someone can see how this works and build</p>
	 similar transports (e.g. bidirectional TCP, UDP, direct HTTP, etc)</p>
17:27 -!- mihi [none@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout]</p>
17:27 < hezekiah> Hmmm, well I don</p>
17:27 < jrand0m> before putting I2NP out for review, we need to include</p>
	 sample transports so people can see the full picture</p>
17:27 < hezekiah> don't think _I'll_ be building any transports soon. ;-)</p>
17:27 -!- WinBear_ [~WinBear@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:27 < hezekiah> TCP is working for Java and Python.</p>
17:27 < hezekiah> (At least client-to-router is.)</p>
17:27 < jrand0m> no worry, I'm just putting it out there as a todo for people</p>
	 who want to contribute</p>
17:28 < hezekiah> Right.</p>
17:28 < jrand0m> right, client-router has different requirements than the</p>
	 router-router.</p>
17:28 < jrand0m> ok, anyway, 1.4) dev status</p>
17:28 < jrand0m> how we doing with CBC thecrypto?</p>
17:28 < thecrypto> CBC is committed</p>
17:28 < jrand0m> w00000t</p>
17:28 < thecrypto> CTS is almost done</p>
17:28 < hezekiah> thecrypto: What's CTS?</p>
17:29 < thecrypto> i just have to figure out how to implement i nicely</p>
17:29 < jrand0m> cts being cyphertext stealing :)</p>
17:29 < hezekiah> Ah!</p>
17:29 < thecrypto> CipherText Stealing</p>
17:29 -!- WinBear [WinBear@anon.iip] has quit [EOF From client]</p>
17:29 < jrand0m> did you pull nop's reference on that?</p>
17:29 < hezekiah> OK. We're using CBC with CTS instead of padding.</p>
17:29 < hezekiah> Hmm.</p>
17:29 < thecrypto> basically, it makes the message exaclty right length</p>
17:29 < jrand0m> is that workable for the python side hezekiah?</p>
17:29 < hezekiah> I might need to slap the Python crypto lib I'm using upside</p>
	 the head to make it us CTS properly.</p>
17:30 < hezekiah> I've always prefered CTS over padding, but I don't know</p>
	 what PyCrypt does.</p>
17:30 < jrand0m> what can python do out of the box to allow exact message</p>
	 size recovery?</p>
17:30 < thecrypto> all you need to do is change how you process the last</p>
	 two blocks</p>
17:30 < hezekiah> I have a feeling that library is going to get some serious</p>
	 rewritting.</p>
17:30 < hezekiah> jrand0m: The CBC stuff in python is transparent. You just</p>
	 send the buffer to the AES objects encrypt function.</p>
17:31 < hezekiah> It spits out cipher text.</p>

17:31 < hezekiah> End of story.</p>
17:31 < jrand0m> does D(E(data,key),key) == data, byte for byte, exact</p>
	 same size?</p>
17:31 < hezekiah> So if it has the wacky idea of using padding instead of CTS,</p>
	 then I might need to get in its guts and fix it.</p>
17:31 < jrand0m> (regardless of input size?)</p>
17:31 -!- mihi [~none@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev</p>
17:31 < hezekiah> jrand0m: Yes. It should.</p>
17:31 < jrand0m> hezekiah&gt; if you could look into exactly what algorithm it</p>
	 uses to do the padding, that'd be great</p>
17:32 < hezekiah> Right.</p>
17:32  * jrand0m is hesitant at requiring a mod to a python crypto lib if</p>
	 the lib already uses a standard and useful mechanism</p>
17:32 < hezekiah> One way or another, CBC with CTS sounds good.</p>
17:32 < hezekiah> jrand0m: This python crypto lib stinks.</p>
17:32 < jrand0m> heh 'k</p>
17:33 < thecrypto> i just have to calculate how to mess with the two blocks</p>
17:33 < hezekiah> jrand0m: ElGamal will need to be completely rewritten in</p>
	 C just to make it fast enough to use.</p>
17:33 < jrand0m> hezekiah&gt; whats the benchmark for python elg of 256bytes?</p>
	 its only done once per dest-dest comm...</p>
17:34 < jrand0m> (if you know offhand, that is)</p>
17:34 < hezekiah> I'd have to test it.</p>
17:34 < hezekiah> Encryption is only a second or two I think</p>
17:34 < jrand0m> &lt; 5 sec, &lt; 2 sec, &gt; 10 sec, &gt; 30 sec?</p>
17:34 < thecrypto> i'll prolly do some work with it</p>
17:34 < hezekiah> Decrypton might be some place between 5 or 10 seconds.</p>
17:34 < jrand0m> cool.</p>
17:35 < jrand0m> hezekiah&gt; have you spoken with jeremiah or do you have any</p>
	 news about the status of the python client api?</p>
17:35 < hezekiah> thecrypto: All you should need to do is write a C module</p>
	 that works with Python.</p>
17:35 < hezekiah> I have no clue what he's been up to.</p>
17:35 < hezekiah> I haven't spoken to him since I got back.</p>
17:35 < jrand0m> 'k</p>
17:35 < jrand0m> any other dev status thoughts?</p>
17:36 < hezekiah> Um, not really from me.</p>
17:36 < hezekiah> I've already explained my current free time status.</p>
17:36 < jrand0m> word.  understood</p>
17:36 < hezekiah> My only plans are to get the C API up and the python router</p>
	 back up to spec.</p>
17:37 < jrand0m> 'k</p>
17:37 < hezekiah> Oh my goodness!</p>
17:37 < jrand0m> 1.4) todo</p>
17:37 < jrand0m> si sr?</p>
17:37 < hezekiah> The Python crypto lib doesn't implement CTS or padding!</p>
17:37 < hezekiah> I'll have to do that manually.</p>
17:37 < jrand0m> hmm?  it requires data to be mod 16 bytes?</p>
17:37 < hezekiah> Yup.</p>
17:38 < jrand0m> heh</p>
17:38 < jrand0m> oh well.</p>
17:38 < hezekiah> Currently the Python router uses padding.</p>
17:38 < jrand0m> ok.  here are some oustanding items that need to get done.</p>
17:38 < hezekiah> I remember that now.</p>
17:38 < hezekiah> Well, let</p>
17:38 < hezekiah> let's be frank about one thing.</p>
17:38 < hezekiah> The Python router is never really meant to be used.</p>
17:39 < hezekiah> It's primarily meant for me to be very familiar with the</p>
	 spec and it also accomplishes something else:</p>
17:39 < hezekiah> It forces the Java router to comply _exactly_ with the spec.</p>
17:39 < jrand0m> both very important goals.</p>
17:39 < hezekiah> Sometimes the Java router doesn't quite comply, and then</p>
	 the Python router screams bloody murder.</p>
17:39 < hezekiah> So it doesn't really need to be fast or stable.</p>
17:39 < jrand0m> plus I'm not sure it won't ever be used in the sdk</p>
17:39 < jrand0m> right.  exactly.</p>
17:39 < jrand0m> the python client api is a different thing though</p>
17:39 < hezekiah> The Python client API on the other hand needs to be decent.</p>
17:40 < jrand0m> exactly.</p>
17:40 < hezekiah> But that's jeremiah's problem. :)</p>
17:40 < hezekiah> I've left that to him.</p>
17:40 < jrand0m> the SDK local only routers are client dev use only</p>
17:40 < jrand0m> lol</p>
17:40 < jrand0m> ok, as I was saying... ;)</p>
17:40 < hezekiah> ;-)</p>
17:41 < jrand0m> - we need someone to start working on a small web page</p>
	 for i2p that will be used for putting out the various I2P related specs for</p>
	 peer review.</p>
17:41 < jrand0m> I'd like this to be ready before 9/1.</p>
17:41 < hezekiah> OK. I am stating right now that you don't want me to do that.</p>
17:41 < hezekiah> I'm not a good webpage designer. :)</p>
17:41 < jrand0m> nor I, if anyone here has seen my flog ;)</p>
17:41 < jrand0m> cohesion?  ;)</p>
17:41 < hezekiah> lol</p>
17:42 < hezekiah> Poor cohesion, always stuck with the dirty work. :-)</p>
17:42  * cohesion reads the back log</p>
17:42 < hezekiah> ;)</p>
17:42 < jrand0m> heh</p>
17:42 < cohesion> jrand0m: I will do it</p>
17:42 < cohesion> me@jasonclinton.com</p>
17:42 < cohesion> send me the specs</p>
17:42 < jrand0m> 'k, gracias.</p>
17:42 < jrand0m> the specs aren't all done yet.</p>
17:43 < jrand0m> but the contents that will need to be there are:</p>
17:43 < cohesion> well, what you have an what you would like to have put up</p>
17:43 < jrand0m> -I2CP spec, I2NP spec, Polling HTTP Transport spec, TCP</p>
	 Transport spec, Security analysis, Performance analysis, Data structure spec,</p>
	 and a readme/intro</p>
17:44 < jrand0m> (those 7 documents will be in pdf and/or text format)</p>
17:44 < cohesion> k</p>
17:44 < jrand0m> barring the readme/intro</p>
17:45 < jrand0m> I'm hoping that all of those docs will be ready by next week</p>
	 (8/26).  will that give you enough time to get together a small page for a</p>
9/1 release?</p>
17:46 < jrand0m> ok.  another thing that will need to come down the pipe is</p>
	 an I2P network simulator.</p>
17:46 < jrand0m> do we have anyone looking for a CS project?  ;)</p>
17:46 < hezekiah> lol</p>
17:46 < cohesion> jrand0m: yea, that's doable</p>
17:47 < hezekiah> I'm not for another few years. ;-)</p>
17:47 < jrand0m> cool cohesion</p>
17:47 < thecrypto> not for a year</p>
17:47  * cohesion goes back to work</p>
17:47 < jrand0m> tnx cohesion</p>
17:48 < jrand0m> ok, 1.6) next two weeks.  on my plate is getting these specs,</p>
	 docs, and analysis up.  I'll post &amp; commit as soon as I can.</p>
17:48 < jrand0m> PLEASE READ THE SPECS AND COMMENT</p>
17:48 < jrand0m> :)</p>
17:48 < hezekiah> jrand0m: Right. Once I get time, I will start reading. :)</p>
17:48 < jrand0m> I'd prefer people to post comments to the list, but if</p>
	 people want to be anon, send me comments privately and I'll post replies to</p>
	 the list anonymously.</p>
17:49 < hezekiah> (What do you think the eta for OpenOffice files for the</p>
	 docs being on CVS is?)</p>
17:49 < jrand0m> I can commit the latest revs within 10 minutes of this</p>
	 meeting being over.</p>
17:49 < hezekiah> Awesome. :)</p>
17:50 < jrand0m> ok, thats it for 1.*.</p>
17:50 < jrand0m> 2.x) comments/questions/concerns/rants?</p>
17:50 < jrand0m> how's the sdk mod working out mihi?</p>
17:51 < jrand0m> or anyone else?  :)</p>
17:51 < hezekiah> jrand0m: What is this sdk mod you're talking about?</p>
17:52 < jrand0m> hezekiah&gt; two bugfixes to the sdk, commited (&amp; posted)</p>
	 the other day</p>
17:52 < hezekiah> Ah</p>
17:52 < hezekiah> Neato.</p>
17:52 < jrand0m> (rotate the message IDs, synchronize writes)</p>
17:52 < hezekiah> Just the java side, or the python side too?</p>
17:52 < jrand0m> yo no hablo python.</p>
17:53 < hezekiah> lol</p>
17:53 < jrand0m> not sure if the bugs exist there.  do you rotate message</p>
	 ids every 255 messages, and synchronize your writes?</p>
17:54 < hezekiah> I think the Python router does both</p>
17:54 < jrand0m> cool.</p>
17:54 < jrand0m> we'll let you know if it doesn't ;)</p>
17:54 < hezekiah> What exactly do you mean by "synchronize your writes"?</p>
17:55 < jrand0m> aka make sure multiple messages aren't written to a client</p>
	 at the same time if there are multiple clients trying to send messages to</p>
	 it at the same time.</p>
17:55 < hezekiah> All the data sent over the TCP connection gets sent in</p>
	 the order it originated.</p>
17:56 < hezekiah> So you won't be 1/2 of message A and then 1/3 of message B.</p>
17:56 < jrand0m> 'k</p>
17:56 < hezekiah> You'll get message A and then message B.</p>
17:56 < hezekiah> OK ... if no one else is going to talk, I suggest we</p>
	 adjurne the meeting.</p>
17:56 < mihi> my simple TCP/IP over I2p seems to work...</p>
17:56 < jrand0m> niiiiice!!</p>
17:56  * mihi was idling a bit sorry</p>
17:57 < hezekiah> Anyone else have anything to say?</p>
17:57 < jrand0m> mihi&gt; so we'll be able to run pserver over that?</p>
17:57 < mihi> as long as you do not try to create lotas connections at once.</p>
17:57 < mihi> jrand0m: i guess so - i could ge tgoogle through it</p>
17:57 < jrand0m> niiiice</p>
17:57 < jrand0m> mihi++</p>
17:57 < mihi> jrand0m-ava</p>
17:57 < jrand0m> so you have an outproxy and an inproxy?</p>
17:58 < mihi> exactly.</p>
17:58 < jrand0m> cool</p>
17:58 < mihi> the destination needs keys, the source generates them on demand</p>
17:58  * hezekiah hands jrand0m the *baf*er. Smash the thing when you're</p>
	 done, man.</p>
17:58 < jrand0m> right.  hopefully co's naming service could help with that</p>
	 once its ready.</p>
17:59 < jrand0m> ok cool.  mihi, let me or anyone else know if there's</p>
	 anything we can do to help :)</p>
17:59 < mihi> fix that thing with the 128 msgids or build a better GUARANTEED</p>
	 support</p>
17:59  * jrand0m *baf*s nop_afk over the head for having a real job</p>
18:00 < mihi> jrand0m: baf abuse costs 20 yodels</p>
18:00 < jrand0m> lol</p>
18:00 < jrand0m> better guaranteed support?</p>
18:00 < jrand0m> (aka better performance than the one described?  we'll fix</p>
	 that in impl)</p>
18:00 < mihi> did you test my test case with start_thread=end_thread=300?</p>
18:01 < mihi> it generates lots of messages in one direction, and that causes</p>
	 all msgids to be eaten...</p>
18:01 < jrand0m> hmm, no, hadn't seen that message</p>
18:01 < hezekiah> jrand0m: Would it be reasonable to make msgid 2 bytes?</p>
18:01  * jrand0m tried the 200 / 201, but thats fixed with the latest</p>
18:01 -!- cohesion [cohesion@anon.iip] has quit [off to the lug meeting]</p>
18:01 < mihi> which latest?</p>
18:01 < hezekiah> Then they would have 65535 msgids (if you don't could</p>
	 msgid 0)</p>
18:01 < hezekiah> .</p>
18:02 < jrand0m> 2 byte message ids wouldn't hurt.  I'm comfortable with</p>
	 that change.</p>
18:02 < jrand0m> mihi&gt; the one I mailed you</p>
18:02 < mihi> if you have a more latest than the one you sent me, send it</p>
	 (or give me cvs access)</p>
18:03 < mihi> hmm, that one fails for me with 200/201 (as well as with 300)</p>
18:03 < jrand0m> hmm.  I'll do some more testing and debugging and mail you</p>
	 what I come up with.</p>
18:03 < mihi> thx.</p>
18:04 < jrand0m> ok.</p>
18:04  * jrand0m declares the meeting</p>
18:04 < jrand0m> *baf*'ed</p>
18:04  * hezekiah hangs the *baf*er reverantly on its special rack.</p>
18:05  * hezekiah then spins around walks out the door, slamming it behind</p>
	 him. The baffer falls off the rack.</p>
18:05 < hezekiah> ;-)</p>
--- Log closed Tue Aug 19 18:05:36 2003</p>
</div>
{% endblock %}