[22:01] <jrand0m> 0) hi 
[22:01] <jrand0m> 1) administravia 
[22:01] <jrand0m> 2) dev status 
[22:02] <jrand0m> 3) services on i2p 
[22:02] <jrand0m> 4) app status [ns, im, i2ptunnel, ...] 
[22:02] <jrand0m> 5) ??? 
[22:02] <thecrypto> wow, i picked a good time
[22:02] <jrand0m> 0) hi 
[22:02] <jrand0m> yes you did thecrypto :) 
[22:02] <jrand0m> hi 
[22:02] <jrand0m> welcome to meeting 70 
[22:02] <TC> woot
[22:03] <jrand0m> 1) administravia 
[22:03] <thecrypto> w00t!
[22:03] <jrand0m> mailing list, get on it for announcements / discussion / etc: (Link: http://i2p.dnsalias.net/pipermail/i2p/)http://i2p.dnsalias.net/pipermail/i2p/ 
[22:04] <jrand0m> bugzilla: tell me where shit is broken (and perhaps look for ways you can help! :) (Link: http://i2p.dnsalias.net/bugzilla/index.cgi)http://i2p.dnsalias.net/bugzilla/index.cgi 
[22:04] <jrand0m> i think thats it for administravia 
[22:05] <jrand0m> (note that i'm just talking i2p stuff here, i don't see any iip things on the agenda) 
[22:05] <jrand0m> 2) dev status 
[22:05] <jrand0m> 0.2.3 as originally released had a chunk of bugs, so there have been perhaps a dozen subsequent builds, but none quite stable enough to be called 0.2.3.1 yet 
[22:06] <jrand0m> i'm rebuilding the tunnel management subsystem now, since that is the source of the bugs and 0.3 (scheduled for jan 1) needs the new pooling tunnel manager anyway. 
[22:07] <jrand0m> making good progress on that, I'm hoping it'll be ready for use in the next day or two (i'm testing it now) 
[22:07] <jrand0m> a description of whats up with that is on (Link: http://wiki.invisiblenet.net/iip-wiki?TunnelManagement)http://wiki.invisiblenet.net/iip-wiki?TunnelManagement 
[22:08] <jrand0m> duck among others have been incredibly helpful in submitting bugs, logs, and helping track down a ton of problems and memory / cpu issues. 
[22:08] <jrand0m> y'all rule, I really appreciate the help 
[22:09] * thecrypto pulls out the "APPLAUSE" sign
[22:09] <jrand0m> ;) 
[22:09] <jrand0m> the # of routers have also been increasing... on avg we're at around 9-12 
[22:09] <jrand0m> (up from 3-5 a week ago, and 6-8 in 0.2.2 times) 
[22:10] <jrand0m> the next release will improve the reliability dramatically 
[22:10] <jrand0m> (aka it won't get out the door until it does) 
[22:10] <jrand0m> ok, 3) services on i2p 
[22:11] <jrand0m> fillament started hosting his flog on i2p :) 
[22:12] <FillaMent> and I've got another trick up my sleeve =)
[22:12] <jrand0m> ooOOoo :) 
[22:12] <luckypunk> tw
[22:12] <luckypunk> hm
[22:12] <luckypunk> hello.
[22:12] <luckypunk> Does it work yet?
[22:12] <jrand0m> duck started a new irc server on i2p with dcc disabled (for security reasons) plus some ident-ish features 
[22:13] <luckypunk> lol
[22:13] <jrand0m> luckypunk> people with 350Mhz machines will need to wait until 0.3 is out before being able to use it effectively ;) 
[22:13] <luckypunk> yes, but is i2p reliable enough for that?
[22:13] <jrand0m> (but subscribe to the i2p mailing list so you can get announcements) 
[22:13] <luckypunk> i overclocked to 377
[22:13] <luckypunk> does that help?
[22:13] <luckypunk> lol
[22:13] <jrand0m> i was chatting on that irc server the other day, until my irc client b0rked 
[22:14] <jrand0m> but yes, things are a bit unreliable at the moment while the tunnel management subsystem is rebuilt 
[22:14] <luckypunk> well, im happy my computer didn't molassify overnight again.
[22:15] <jrand0m> any other new services i've missed?   
[22:15] <luckypunk> well, when .3 comes out...t here'll be a yahooish service.
[22:15] <luckypunk> ;)
[22:15] <jrand0m> cool 
[22:15] <TC> i should run somthing else
[22:16] <TC> whats a service we need that doesnt require messing with apache?
[22:16] <jrand0m> your bbs is kick ass tc, i just can't wait until i2p is reliable enough for me to get to it consistently 
[22:16] <jrand0m> you could run a telnet based games server (e.g. adventure, etc) 
[22:16] <luckypunk> lol
[22:16] <TC> hah
[22:16] <FillaMent> MUSH
[22:17] <luckypunk> i'll do that... it's low demand.
[22:17] <luckypunk> and i already had about 300k of tinymush code.
[22:17] <jrand0m> yeah, the whole mush/mud/moo/ style thaang 
[22:17] <luckypunk> heh
[22:17] <TC> what about ultima online?
[22:18] <thecrypto> ooh that's be fun
[22:18] <luckypunk> "Slay FreeNet Databugs!"
[22:18] <luckypunk> TC: =|
[22:18] <thecrypto> we need to get a telnet client then
[22:18] <luckypunk> maybe if we all obtained 6 ghz computers with oc-128 lines. :D
[22:18] <jrand0m> thecrypto> /bin/telnet + i2ptunnel 
[22:18] <thecrypto> ...yeah
[22:18] <thecrypto> i'm sloew
[22:19] <thecrypto> :)
[22:19] <jrand0m> any other low hanging fruit for services?  a mail server (pop3/imap without internet mail) would rule 
[22:19] <jrand0m> (and if it could /receive/ internet email that'd rule too) 
[22:21] <jrand0m> ok, 4) app status 
[22:21] <jrand0m> naming service 
[22:21] <jrand0m> wiht / co was here earlier, but not now 
[22:21] <jrand0m> MrEcho> how goes? 
*** MrEcho is echo@anon.iip (Digital_Light) 
*** on channels: #iip-dev #anonymous 
*** on irc via server anon.iip (Official IIP )
*** MrEcho has been idle 3 minutes, signed on at Thu Jan 01 01:00:00 1970 
[22:23] <jrand0m> ok, perhaps we'll get back to that 
[22:23] <jrand0m> hosts.txt has been growing as destinations have come online 
[22:23] <jrand0m> there's a bot on the jabber server that will let you register / fetch entries 
[22:24] <jrand0m> (plus the hosts.txt distributed with new installs is managed in cvs and mirrored at (Link: http://i2p.dnsalias.net/i2p/hosts.txt)http://i2p.dnsalias.net/i2p/hosts.txt) 
[22:24] <jrand0m> next up, IM 
[22:24] <jrand0m> hi thecrypto :) 
[22:24] <jrand0m> welcome back 
[22:25] <thecrypto> hi
[22:25] <thecrypto> i2pim is being started from scratch
[22:25] <thecrypto> i need to figure out how this network works but tearing apart ATalk and slowly putting it back together
[22:25] <thecrypto> so it's slowly coming along
[22:25] <jrand0m> word 
[22:25] <thecrypto> i don't know if i can get group chat working
[22:25] <thecrypto> but it's an idea
[22:26] <jrand0m> you had mentioned the idea of 'tossing around the baton' style of group chat - not centralized, but still workable... I think that might be a way to go 
[22:26] <thecrypto> it might involve some difficult baton passing to get it, but if anyone has an idea for how to do group chat under my model, e-mail the list i just signed onto
[22:26] <jrand0m> hehe 
[22:26] <jrand0m> cool 
[22:27] <jrand0m> yeah, starting off with one on one (perhaps with send/receive file) would probably be prudent 
[22:27] <thecrypto> yeah, the only problem would be syncronizing the baton will be difficult
[22:27] <thecrypto> because you don't want 2 people grabbing the baton at the same time, or have the person who has the baton to drop of then et
[22:27] <thecrypto> nety
[22:27] <TC> token-ring-chat?
[22:27] <jrand0m> yup, voting systems are a pain.   
[22:28] <jrand0m> right, good ol' 2phaseCommit 
[22:28] <thecrypto> TC: no, basically the IM network has no central presence server
[22:28] <thecrypto> so what i'm thinking about doing is have a virtual server baton
[22:29] <duck> ok, using a bootdisk from now on...
[22:29] <jrand0m> the other option is to do group chat fully distributed: "group" just being "send these messages to peer X, Y, Z" 
[22:29] <jrand0m> d'oh duck 
[22:29] <thecrypto> yeah, but that's network by broadcast
[22:29] <jrand0m> not really 
[22:29] <thecrypto> which is usually the stupidest idea
[22:29] <jrand0m> the messages have to get sent to peer X, Y, Z from someone sometime 
[22:30] <jrand0m> its actually 1 less message than the (temporary) server based model 
[22:30] <thecrypto> yes, but then each person has to keep track of the group
[22:30] <jrand0m> (and the UI can make the group 'pretty') 
[22:30] <thecrypto> and now there has to be messages passed around about what the group is current
[22:30] <jrand0m> right, perhaps a control message stating "I think group A is X, Y, Z" 
[22:31] <jrand0m> instead of the voting protocol 
[22:31] <jrand0m> right, I'm not sure what way is best 
[22:31] <jrand0m> just saying there's an option 
[22:31] <jrand0m> no lo se  
[22:31] <thecrypto> yeah
[22:32] <jrand0m> anyway, if you want a 'product' on bugzilla for i2pim, lemmie know, as well as if theres anything i can do to help 
[22:32] <thecrypto>  well, i need code for there to be bugs in first
[22:32] <jrand0m> ;) 
[22:33] <thecrypto> so wait a bit and i'll have something to put on bugzilla
[22:34] <jrand0m> cool, whenever, its trivial to add 
[22:35] <jrand0m> ok, i2ptunnel 
[22:35] <jrand0m> i've tossed in two bug-ish things into bugzilla: (Link: http://i2p.dnsalias.net/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=1)http://i2p.dnsalias.net/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=1 and (Link: http://i2p.dnsalias.net/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=2)http://i2p.dnsalias.net/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=2 
[22:36] <jrand0m> plus there's a thing wrt some browsers b0rking on missing trailing / 
[22:37] <jrand0m> getting sequence numbers into i2ptunnel would be really good, as large transfers sometimes are getting corrupted (missing message thats dropped, but sequence numbers would notice that immediately and fail fast) 
[22:37] <jrand0m> other than that, the things are minor, i2ptunnel is behaving a lot better than the router :) 
[22:38] <jrand0m> ok, any other apps? 
[22:39] <jrand0m> there was some discussion about NAT/SOCKS the last few days on the channel 
[22:39] <jrand0m> a socks enabled proxy that would let people ftp, bittorrent, etc would be really great 
[22:39] <jrand0m> plus there's the discussion aum started on the i2p list wrt file sharing / cdn 
[22:40] <jrand0m> (i swear i didn't tell him to make that post ;) 
[22:41] <jrand0m> i probably won't be doing anything on the app side beyond help out integrating with i2p, as there's a truckload of stuff to do in the router, so if you're interested in seeing them show up, get hackin' 
[22:44] <jrand0m> ok, thats it for apps 
[22:44] <jrand0m> 5) ??? 
[22:44] <jrand0m> hi 
[22:44] <jrand0m> any comments / questions / concerns / etc? 
[22:45] <ardvark> I think everyone fell asleep ;)
[22:46] <jrand0m> someone posted a question to the wiki's FAQ and it got answered after about a day, so if anyone has concerns, either post them there, to the i2p@i2p.dnsalias.net mailing list, ask it in this channel, or spraypaint it on the wall 
[22:46] <duck> oh, meeting
[22:46] <jrand0m> yeah, exciting, aint it ;) 
[22:46] * jrand0m slings mud at duck
[22:46] * mihi did not follow, sorry. he will stand in the corner for the next 5 minutes...
[22:46] <jrand0m> hehe 
[22:47] <jrand0m> ok, thats about it. 
[22:48] * jrand0m *baf*s the meeting to a close
