<pre>--- Log opened Tue Jul 22 15:56:06 2003
15:56 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: Righto!
15:56 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+o jrand0m] by hezekiah
15:56 &lt;@cohesion&gt; log enabled
15:56 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; w00t
15:56 &lt;@nop&gt; we need to add cohesion and remove mids on dev list
15:56 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Excelent. :)
15:56 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; What dev list?
15:56 &lt;@cohesion&gt; nop: i tried CVS and it wouldn't accept my user/pass
15:56 &lt;@nop&gt; ok, I'll add you
15:56 &lt;@nop&gt; hold
15:56 &lt;@nop&gt; what is your sf id
15:56 &lt;@cohesion&gt; cohesion
15:56 &lt;@nop&gt; pmsg me if you need
15:56 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
15:57 &lt;@cohesion&gt; i think
15:57 -!- thecrypto [thecrypto@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev
15:57 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; BTW, everyone I will be leaving around 22:15.
15:57 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; UTC
15:57 &lt;@cohesion&gt; yea
15:57 &lt;@cohesion&gt; hezekiah: okay
15:58 &lt;@nop&gt; cohesion: you're in
15:58 &lt;@nop&gt; we need to update website
15:58 &lt;@cohesion&gt; nop: okay
15:58 &lt;@cohesion&gt; nop: i'll try it now
15:58 &lt;@nop&gt; and we need to start modelling the IIP with an I2P
15:58 &lt; thecrypto&gt; hey
15:58 &lt; thecrypto&gt; i made it
15:58 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
15:58 &lt;@nop&gt; werd
15:58 &lt;@nop&gt; ;)
16:00 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m? I just looked at your revision to the
development schedual.
16:00 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; si sr?
16:00 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; The graph with the bars and lines gets chopped off at
the right hand side; I can't see the rest of it.
16:01 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; yeah, ganttproject isn't quite perfect, but its better
than doing it by hand.
16:01 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; the things at the far right are the last tasks -
nothing is after them
16:01 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; But I can
16:01 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; the tasks there are listed, in order, on the
index-tasks.html
16:01 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; can't even see what the tasks are.
16:02 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; OK. :) I'll just have to settle for text.
16:02 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nop: Are we going to start soon? I'm going to have to
leave at 22:15 UTC, but I'd like to catch as much of the meeting as
possible.
16:02 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; let me see if I can make a big task to fix that...
16:02 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: Thanks. :)
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; alright
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; agenda
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; 1)
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; welcome
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; 2)
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; Website future
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; 3)
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; bug fixes with 1.1
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; 4)
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; I2P
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; 5)
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; Suggestions and comments
16:03 &lt;@nop&gt; welcome all
16:04 &lt;@nop&gt; moving to 2
16:04 &lt;@nop&gt; website
16:04 &lt;@nop&gt; cohesion, are your maintanance website skills up to par?
16:04 &lt;@cohesion&gt; aye
16:04 &lt;@cohesion&gt; XHTML and CSS are my specialties
16:04 &lt;@nop&gt; ok, we are assuming you can do website stuff, changes etc
16:04 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
16:04 &lt;@cohesion&gt; yep
16:05 &lt;@cohesion&gt; granted that i can get CVS to cooperate :)
16:05 &lt;@nop&gt; easy
16:05 &lt;@nop&gt; export CVS_RSH=ssh
16:05 &lt;@nop&gt; and don't use pserver
16:05 &lt;@nop&gt; use d:ext
16:05 &lt;@cohesion&gt; i'm using gruntspud to CVS interfacing
16:05 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
16:05 &lt;@cohesion&gt; it's part of my text editor
16:05 &lt;@cohesion&gt; it should work
16:05 &lt;@cohesion&gt; we can talk about that later though
16:05 &lt;@cohesion&gt; i'm trying it now
16:05 -!- thecrypto [thecrypto@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout]
16:05 &lt;@nop&gt; if you have issues let me know right away if you can, so I
can assist this because I have a bunch of tasks
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; also
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; we need to look at making an I2P section
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; since it's going to be the next big project
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; I'll talk to ellison to see if he's contribute a bit of his
web design skills to add to that for a template
16:06 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Should I2P be a section of invisiblenet.net or
invisiblenet.net/iip? (I vote for the former.)
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; and we can get that hashed out
16:06 &lt;@cohesion&gt; ok
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; former as well
16:06 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; former
16:06 &lt;@nop&gt; it would be under projects
16:07 -!- thecrypto [~thecrypto@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; iip is one project
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; i2p is another
16:07 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; So, invisiblenet.net/i2p
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:07 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Right. That's the way I see it too. :)
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; anyone here good at making a logo?
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; volunteers are welcome
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; just submit to iip-dev list
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; ok moving on
16:07 &lt;@nop&gt; bug fixes in 1.1
16:07 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; h/o
16:07 * hezekiah would like to point out that his skills at the GIMP are
to be avoided like WMD.
16:08 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; would it be possible to keep the i2p stuff off the web
until we're ready for beta?
16:08 &lt;@cohesion&gt; i suggest we use the wiki for collaborating on the i2p
documents
16:08 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:08 &lt;@cohesion&gt; i can set up a restricted area
16:08 &lt;@nop&gt; that's possible
16:08 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: Are you thinking of a big smash announcement
on /. or something once we have it in good order?
16:08 &lt;@nop&gt; cohesion: I concur
16:08 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; yes hezekiah
16:08 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; word cohesion
16:09 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
16:09 &lt;@nop&gt; let's look at 1.1 for a sec
16:09 &lt;@nop&gt; hezekiah you made a discovery, that has not to do with
focus?
16:09 &lt;@nop&gt; or what?
16:10 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; The code is fine.
16:10 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; The problem is communication, not code.
16:10 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; The user has to move the mouse aroung _inside_ the
dialog box.
16:10 &lt; mihi&gt; the dialog lacks a progress bar to give feedback if the
user does it correctly
16:10 &lt;@nop&gt; yes that's true
16:10 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; He can move the mouse around _outside_ the dialog box
until he's blue in the face, but it won't gather entropy. (Which is what
these users are doing.)
16:10 &lt;@nop&gt; it does lack a dialog box
16:11 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; A progress bar would be a plus.
16:11 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; And should be somewhat easy to implement ... if I
could understand the tangle that UI code in IIP is.
16:11 &lt;@cohesion&gt; or even some feedback
16:11 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Anyway, I posted my suggestions to the mailing list.
16:12 &lt;@nop&gt; it's in win32 api
16:12 &lt;@nop&gt; ;)
16:12 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Either capture the mouse (I couldn't get M$ to
cooperate to do that), or make the dialog box message explain to the
user he needs to move the mouse around _inside_ the dialog box.
16:12 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nop: I know.
16:12 &lt;@nop&gt; fine hezekiah be that way :)
16:12 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; What?
16:12 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; What did I do?
16:12 * hezekiah is confused
16:12 &lt; thecrypto&gt; how about just maximize the dialog box?
16:12 &lt;@nop&gt; hezekiah: I'm just messin' with ya
16:13 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nop: OK. :)
16:13 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Where's UserX? He knows more about the IIP UI code
than I do.
16:14 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; thecrypto: As for maximizing, well, the user might not
like a rabid dialog box consuming his entire screen.
16:14 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Mouse capture is ideal, but as I said, I couldn't get
M$ to do it.
16:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; many other apps don't capture the mouse
16:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; a status bar plus explaination seems typical
16:15 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Anyway, that's the 'bug'.
16:15 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; How do you want it fixed nop?
16:15 &lt;@nop&gt; well
16:15 &lt;@nop&gt; I would think if possible we could have a meter that shows
the entropy gathering for sure
16:16 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; OK.
16:16 &lt;@nop&gt; and definitely fixes the language. Have you exhausted the
research on capturing the mouse movements?
16:16 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; To the point of my patience.
16:16 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Seriously, what I did _should_ work.
16:16 &lt;@nop&gt; I assume that's a lot?
16:16 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Well, I didn't get much sleep last night.
16:17 &lt;@nop&gt; hmm
16:17 &lt;@nop&gt; let's try to get a meter bar and the language fixed
16:17 &lt;@nop&gt; that will give us an idea
16:17 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Because it isn't working, I'm assuming the M$ docs are
lieing to me (very possible) or something 'unknown' is happening in the
IIP UI code.
16:17 &lt;@nop&gt; right
16:17 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Righto. :)
16:17 * hezekiah now gets down on his knees and prays that UserX wrote
UI code for a progress bar.
16:19 &lt;@nop&gt; haha
16:19 &lt;@nop&gt; if not go to planet-source-code.com
16:19 &lt;@nop&gt; there's a lot of samples there
16:19 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; The win32 API I can manage (though I detest it.)
16:19 &lt;@nop&gt; I hate it as well
16:19 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; But UserX/whoever-originally-wrote-this made a wrapper
around it.
16:19 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; It's the wrapper I'm worried about.
16:19 * nop is coding in it right now for work
16:19 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I'm looking into it now.
16:20 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Let's move on to the next agenda item.
16:20 -!- jeremiah-gym is now known as jeremiah
16:20 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
16:20 &lt;@nop&gt; next item is i2p
16:20 &lt; jeremiah&gt; hi
16:20 &lt;@nop&gt; hi
16:20 &lt;@nop&gt; jrand0m you start
16:20 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jeremiah: Just in time!
16:20 &lt; jeremiah&gt; hezekiah: nop and I are oddly time synced, as you'll
learn
16:20 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; 'k, has everyone had a chance to check out the roadmap?
16:21 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Yeah.
16:21 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; its obviously draft, and things after the 1.0 milestone
are largely up in the air, but its something to start from
16:21 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I've updated it beyond whats on the list to include
hezekiah jumping on the C api (w00t!)
16:22 -!- jeet [~miteymous@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev
16:22 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; basically, after this coming friday, we'll have the API
protocol spec'ed out, which will mean we can parallelize a lot
16:22 &lt; jeet&gt; hello ;)
16:22 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; 'lo jeet
16:23 &lt; jeet&gt; hey if i make a server is it possible to change anon.iip
to whatever i want
16:23 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; rough gut question: how insane does the r2 roadmap
sound? are schedules insane, are there things missing, are things in the
wrong order or dependencies not represented?
16:23 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:23 &lt; jeet&gt; kewl
16:24 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: I would concur the entire thing is insane.
However, I think (until I get to college) it should be doable.
16:24 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; heh
16:24 &lt; jeet&gt; this is a very cool thing you guys have done ;X
16:24 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Though I'm not sure nop and UserX can design that IRC
protocol even in 21 days.
16:24 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nop: ;-)
16:24 &lt;@nop&gt; no
16:24 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ok, you're off to uni in late august? mid august? when
should we pencil you in for less activity?
16:24 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Around August 20th I'm of.
16:24 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; off.
16:25 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; 'k
16:25 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Until then I'm a rabid nermal! :)
16:25 &lt; jeremiah&gt; I'm off about the same time
16:25 &lt; jeremiah&gt; (to univ)
16:26 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
16:26 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; so we'll have to get more resources on the 'implement
IRC' task or just drop the task from the 1.0 release
16:26 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I wouldn
16:26 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; wouldn't make the 1.0 release dependant on IRC.
16:26 &lt;@nop&gt; I believe that we will need to delay the task
16:26 &lt; jeet&gt; [17:23] -anon.iip- CTCP (except ACTION) and DCC are
disabled &lt;- how can i stop this from poppiing up every 3 minutes?
16:26 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Do the IRC, but let i2p 1.0 come out when it's ready.
16:27 &lt; thecrypto&gt; wow, i'm half way through college as two others just
start :)
16:27 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; lol
16:28 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I concur hezekiah
16:28 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Cool. I still think i2p will be it's own killer app.
:)
16:28 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; so that basically means all I2P 1.0 requires after
august is a month of debugging and documentation to go from alpha to
beta to 1.0
16:29 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; hezekiah&gt; definitely. we need to get a demo app out on
it first - does the instant messenger app + file transfer sound good to
people for that?
16:29 -!- jeet [~miteymous@anon.iip] has quit [ircN 7.27 + 7.0 for mIRC
(2002/01/10 00.00)]
16:29 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Well, you said it best: 'demo'. From my view, it
doesn't need to be special. It just needs to prove the network is worth
developing on.
16:30 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; So the IM client would be a good demo, in my opinion.
16:30 &lt; Zwolly&gt; file transfer is one thing i really would like to see so
gimme a demo
16:30 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Zwolly: lol
16:30 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:30 &lt; Zwolly&gt; and see me as an "normal" user
16:31 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Zwolly: You can be our guniea pig! ;-)
16:31 * hezekiah starts mixing poisinous code in his lab. ;-)
16:31 &lt; Zwolly&gt; hmmm yummie
16:32 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ok, one last thing on i2p
16:32 &lt;@nop&gt; sure
16:33 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nop&gt; any chance we can get a non sourceforge trusted
cvs server?
16:34 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; sourceforge has more problems than these college
student's exams
16:34 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:34 &lt;@nop&gt; I will arrange that and have it up by next week
16:34 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; awesome. thanks
16:34 &lt;@nop&gt; also
16:34 &lt;@nop&gt; I may be able to get a compile farm
16:34 &lt;@nop&gt; that is not sf
16:34 &lt;@nop&gt; with vpn access to it
16:35 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Compile farm!?
16:35 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; compile farm? bah, we can just run ant :)
16:35 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: All code is not Java.
16:35 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I personally love compile farms.
16:35 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; :)
16:35 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ant == make. it can run gcc / etc
16:35 &lt;@nop&gt; hezekiah: send me a list of viable platforms we'll need to
test on
16:35 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; 'k, if we really need the cpu power of a compile farm,
thats great
16:36 &lt; wilde&gt; what license are you planning to use?
16:36 &lt;@nop&gt; GPL
16:36 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; GPL cool with everyone for this?
16:36 &lt; wilde&gt; k nice
16:36 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I'm very pro GPL.
16:36 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; But one warning
16:36 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; For the API's we will probably need LGPL. Otherwise
all programs made for this network MUST be GPL
16:36 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; we may want to go LGPL down the line
16:37 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; yeah
16:37 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; we MUST not require all apps using I2P to be GPL'ed
16:37 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; So the router should be GPL, but the API's will
probably need to be LGPL at some time.
16:37 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: Then we'll need an LGPL API.
16:37 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; The only problem that poses is getting a good crypto
kit for C that is compatible with LGPL.
16:38 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I don't think Cryptlib's Sleepycat license is.
16:38 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I could email the author and ask for an exception or
something if I need to when the time comes.
16:38 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; hezekiah&gt; not need, want. the API comm layer will be an
open spec, so anyone can write their own and not link to any of our
libraries
16:38 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Right.
16:38 &lt;@nop&gt; right
16:38 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; So for now we can even make GPL API's if we need to.
16:39 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; OK, one question for jrand0m:
16:39 &lt; jeremiah&gt; but we should try to have non-viral ones asap
16:39 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I agree.
16:39 &lt; wilde&gt; http://www.virtualunlimited.com/products/beecrypt/
16:40 &lt; wilde&gt; Bee Crypt is LGPL, i've used once
16:40 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; wilde: Beecrypt is far beneath what is required
unfortunately.
16:40 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:40 &lt;@nop&gt; I don't think we should use a crypto lib like Beecrypt
16:40 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; word wilde
16:40 &lt;@cohesion&gt; hezekiah: there's tons of crypto code in
GnuPrivacyGuard that's all GPL'd
16:40 &lt;@cohesion&gt; you might check and see where it came from
16:40 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; cohesion: The problem is we'll need an LGPL C API that
uses Crypto.
16:41 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I'll work it out when I get to it.
16:41 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; For now, I have two questions for jrand0m: (It's gone
up one!) :)
16:41 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; we have lots of options. we'll figure it out
16:41 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; heh fire away
16:42 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; 1.) When the client API spec is done on the 25th will
it detail the byte-by-byte structure of the messages sent over the
network, and will it detail the specifics on how the crypto is
implemented?
16:42 -!- ion [ion@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev
16:42 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; yes
16:42 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; 2.) Will be we using Twofish? ;-)
16:43 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; no, prolly aes, unless someone has a really good reason
16:43 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: Was that yes to both questions, or just
question 1?
16:43 -!- nemesis [nemesis@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev
16:43 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; OK.
16:43 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; hezekiah&gt; yes to both
16:43 &lt;@nop&gt; well
16:43 &lt; nemesis&gt; uuuh, since when there are here ops? :)
16:43 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I really like twofish, but unfortunately AES is easier
to find a good lib for.
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; hold
16:44 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nemesis: The English structure of that sentence was
too garbled for me to decipher? Whould you like to restate your
question?
16:44 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; whats special about twofish? why not go with the
advanced encryption Standard?
16:44 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nop: Holding ... :)
16:44 * jrand0m holds
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; I prefer that we have a suite of encryption options
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; not just aes
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; there are opinions about AES that some people do not feel
comfortable using
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; and would rather go with Twofish etc
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; so maybe we can have it be a selection
16:44 &lt; wilde&gt; do both :)
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:44 &lt;@nop&gt; wilde: exactly
16:45 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nop&gt; suites would mean not everyone can send messages
to everyone
16:45 &lt; jeremiah&gt; but then wouldn't each router have to support both?
that seems painful
16:45 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; doing both is definitely the case for transport layer,
where things can be negotiated
16:45 &lt;@nop&gt; not really
16:45 &lt;@nop&gt; I would not agree with AES then
16:45 &lt;@nop&gt; as if you are paranoid
16:45 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Right. But let's try to too enclude things that are
weakening like 3DES.
16:45 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
16:45 &lt;@nop&gt; then you'll realize why
16:45 &lt;@nop&gt; with the US gov't approvals
16:46 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I don't support AES because it has govt approval, I
support AES because it has cryptographers, scientists, and
mathematicians approvals.
16:46 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; if there is a better one, we can go with that.
16:46 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; but I don't want to go with something because its
different
16:46 &lt;@nop&gt; but the approval of twofish is strong as well amongst
cryptographers
16:46 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Well, the last three AES candidates were Rijndael,
Twofish, and Serpent.
16:46 &lt;@nop&gt; exactly
16:47 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Rijndael was the fastest.
16:47 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Personally, I have more faith in Twofish than
Rijndael.
16:47 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nop I think I heard you say there were problems with
serpent?
16:47 &lt; wilde&gt; use multiple layers of encryption if you have CPU for it
16:48 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; wilde&gt; there will be, but thats on a different aspect
of things.
16:48 &lt;@nop&gt; all I'm saying is that we could have both supported
16:48 &lt;@nop&gt; doesn't hurt
16:48 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; actually it does hurt
16:48 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; segmentation attack
16:48 &lt; wilde&gt; ok twofish wrapped in AES could be overkill
16:48 &lt;@nop&gt; haha
16:48 &lt;@nop&gt; not twofish wrapped in AES
16:49 &lt; jeremiah&gt; should we standardize each transport as having one
specific set of characteristics (network setup, encryption)?
16:49 &lt;@nop&gt; alright for the sake of argument
16:49 &lt;@nop&gt; let's do rijndael for this part
16:49 &lt; jeremiah&gt; and then we could have one TCP transport supporting
AES, one with Twofish, but not one that has to juggle both?
16:49 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; jeremiah&gt; yes, particular transports will have
particular characteristics, but we're covering the end to end message
crypto done in the api atm
16:49 &lt;@nop&gt; let's do end to end AES
16:49 &lt; jeremiah&gt; jrand0m: ah
16:49 &lt;@nop&gt; then node to node twofish option
16:50 &lt;@nop&gt; and if you can, do AES-counter mode
16:50 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; 'k, sounds good. we can always change later on before
release (during peer review, etc)
16:50 &lt; wilde&gt; but all crypto algorithms have failed in the past, using
double encryption would at least buy time in case of a crypto
breakthrough
16:50 &lt; jeremiah&gt; not really
16:50 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; wilde&gt; the truly paranoid can encrypt with their own
system prior to sending messages over the I2P network
16:50 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; wilde: If one algorithm is found to be weak, we'll
replace it.
16:51 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I2P will just transparently encrypt
16:51 &lt; wilde&gt; jrand0m: yes, you're right, there should be a limit to
paranoia
16:52 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
16:52 &lt;@nop&gt; we could go on all day
16:52 &lt;@nop&gt; arguing about it
16:52 &lt;@nop&gt; AES end to end
16:52 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ok, I don't have anything else on I2P stuff
16:52 &lt;@nop&gt; Twofish and others node to node
16:52 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; coo'
16:53 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; any other I2P stuff, or are we on the next agenda item?
16:54 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I'm done. :)
16:54 &lt; wilde&gt; what about A2A, anonymous 2 anonymous?
16:54 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I
16:55 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I've never heard of that. What are you talking about,
wilde?
16:55 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I2P is anonymous to anonymous communication
16:55 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I2P = "Invisible Internet Project"
16:55 &lt; nemesis&gt; jrand0m: can you send the roadmap as an attechment, and
not as inline?
16:55 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; (dont make us say I^2P)
16:55 &lt;@nop&gt; hushmail has an encrypted messenger
16:55 &lt;@nop&gt; neat
16:56 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nemesis&gt; hmm, I tried to - hushmail said it was
attached :/
16:56 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nemesis: I got it as attached.
16:56 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nemesis&gt; you can d/l from
http://article.gmane.org/gmane.comp.security.invisiblenet.iip.devel/290
16:56 &lt; nemesis&gt; i'm sorry, i can't copy&amp;paste it
16:56 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; nemesis: Perhaps your mail reader is the problem? (He
sent it as a zip file.)
16:56 &lt; nemesis&gt; its inline
16:56 &lt; nemesis&gt; theres a zip file...
16:56 -!- UserX [~User@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev
16:57 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; 'lo userx
16:57 &lt; nemesis&gt; -Hush_boundarfy-31fda3d62329b
16:57 &lt;@nop&gt; did anyone log this
16:57 &lt; nemesis&gt; Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
16:57 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; cohesion was supposed to.
16:57 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; I log all IRC
16:57 &lt;@cohesion&gt; i have it all
16:57 &lt; thecrypto&gt; yes
16:57 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; word
16:58 &lt; Zwolly&gt; my ISP also logs all the IRC chatting so what is new
16:58 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; lol Zwolly
16:58 &lt; Zwolly&gt; hehe
16:59 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Zwolly: Your ISP won't have logs of this. :)
16:59 &lt; Zwolly&gt; i hope not if so you guys do a louzy job
16:59 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; lol
17:00 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; So, I'm assuming we move on to the next agenda item
now since we've stopped talking about i2p for a while.
17:00 &lt;@nop&gt; yes
17:00 &lt;@nop&gt; comments
17:00 &lt;@nop&gt; suggestions
17:01 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; we, should, like, do some drugs, man
17:01 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: Sorry. I refuse to ruin a good mind with such
substances.
17:01 &lt; wilde&gt; question: isn't the release plan a bit optimistic=
17:01 &lt; wilde&gt; ?
17:02 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; wilde: lol. Well, my term would be 'insane'. But I
think it might be feasible.
17:02 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; wilde&gt; good question. it should be plausible, and if
any devs on there want to adjust tasks they are working on, we will.
17:03 &lt; thecrypto&gt; we can do it!
17:04 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; go TEAM!
17:04 &lt; wilde&gt; aim high that's good, but it should be realistic
17:04 &lt; wilde&gt; do you guys have time enough for the actual programming?
17:04 * jrand0m quit his job to work on this, and a few people have
summer break coming up
17:05 &lt; wilde&gt; i mean september-october that's like 60-90 days
17:05 &lt; wilde&gt; ok that's sounds good
17:05 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; but don't believe us. we'll release when its ready.
17:05 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; jrand0m: BTW, since you quit your job, how are you
going to eat while you code this?
17:05 &lt; jeremiah&gt; wilde: we're going to be implementing lots of it in
high-level languages and then re-coding in C later
17:05 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; hezekiah&gt; I eat code
17:05 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I was afraid you'd say something like that.
17:06 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ;)
17:06 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; I just hope you've got a good nest egg to live on.
17:06 &lt; jeremiah&gt; jrand0m: my code eats random numbers
17:06 &lt; jeremiah&gt; that might make a bad loop
17:06 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; ROTFL!
17:07 &lt; wilde&gt; drinking java, eating python, roasted ant, could go
17:07 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; but bugs have lots of protien
17:07 * jrand0m !thwaps self
17:07 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ok, do we have other questions / comments /
suggestions?
17:07 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Well, I've got to go now.
17:07 &lt;@hezekiah&gt; Bye everyone. :)
17:07 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; or are we actually finishing up in under an hour?
17:07 -!- hezekiah [hezekiah@anon.iip] has quit [Client exiting]
17:07 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; lol wilde
17:08 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nop&gt; got anything or we done?
17:10 -!- UserX [~User@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout]
17:10 -!- wilde [anon@anon.iip] has quit []
17:10 &lt;@cohesion&gt; ok, i'm ending the meeting
17:11 &lt; nemesis&gt; STOP!
17:11 &lt;@cohesion&gt; nop: i'll get with you about CVS tomarrow
17:11 * jrand0m stops
17:11 &lt; nemesis&gt; ganttproject-1.9.7.jar
17:11 &lt;@cohesion&gt; GO!
17:11 &lt; nemesis&gt; how it works?
17:11 &lt;@nop&gt; ok
17:11 &lt;@nop&gt; also
17:11 &lt;@nop&gt; aes
17:11 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nemesis&gt; just double click on it with java 1.4.2
installed
17:11 &lt;@nop&gt; we should use 256 bit as a norm
17:11 &lt; nemesis&gt; i have java 1.4.2...
17:11 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; nemesis&gt; I'll email out the xml with the project info
17:12 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; word nop, definitely
17:13 &lt; nemesis&gt; Could not find the main class. Program will exit!
17:13 &lt; nemesis&gt; hm.. i think my java are broken.... Title of the
Window: Java Virtual Machine Launcher...
17:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; weird nemesis, works for me... make sure its loading it
with the 1.4.2 jvm and not the windows jvm
17:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; ah, try running from the cmd.exe command line
17:14 &lt; nemesis&gt; eh?
17:14 &lt; nemesis&gt; k
17:14 &lt; nemesis&gt; then i write a .bat for it, like for columba :)
17:14 &lt;@cohesion&gt; ok, i'm closing the logs
17:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; (and type java -version first to make sure it uses the
right one)
17:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; heh word
17:14 &lt;@cohesion&gt; everyone say "cheese"
17:14 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; queso
17:14 &lt; thecrypto&gt; cheese
17:15 &lt; Zwolly&gt; chesse
17:15 &lt; Zwolly&gt; cheese
17:15 &lt; nemesis&gt; E:\Sytemprogramme\server\Projektverwaltung&gt;java
ganttproject-1.9.7.jar
17:15 &lt; nemesis&gt; Exception in thread "main"
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: ganttproject-1/9/7/ja
17:15 &lt; nemesis&gt; r
17:16 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; java -jar ganttproject-1.9.7.jar
17:16 &lt; nemesis&gt; java version "1.4.2-beta"
17:16 &lt; nemesis&gt; Java(TM) 2 Runtime Environment, Standard Edition (build
1.4.2-beta-b19)
17:16 &lt; nemesis&gt; Java HotSpot(TM) Client VM (build 1.4.2-beta-b19, mixed
mode)
17:16 &lt; nemesis&gt; hm... why with -jar?
17:16 &lt; nemesis&gt; now it works...
17:17 -!- ion [ion@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout]
17:17 &lt; nemesis&gt; thx jrand0m
17:17 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; without -jar asks it to load the class
ganttproject-1/9/7/jar
17:17 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; np
17:17 &lt; jeremiah&gt; is cvs working?
17:17 &lt; jeremiah&gt; i checked out earlier today, but it's weird now
17:17 &lt;@jrand0m&gt; sourceforge is being a pain atm
--- Log closed Tue Jul 22 17:18:14 2003</pre>