{% extends "_layout.html" %}
{% block title %}I2P Development Meeting 11{% endblock %}
{% block content %}
<h3>I2P (invisiblenet) Development Meeting 11</h3>
<div class="irclog">
Courtesy of <a href="http://www.archive.org/">the wayback machine</a>.
<p>
<p>--- Log opened Tue Sep 17 22:59:26 2002
<p>23:01 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+v logger] by mids
<p>23:54  * Roto waves
<p>23:54 &lt;@mids&gt; ssh, we arent started :)
<p>23:55 &lt; Lorax&gt; Heh, I am already logged.
<p>23:56  * Lorax waves to any SRHers.
<p>23:59 &lt; Lorax&gt; anyway, if IIP could pass psudonymous keys then SSL can be used, as it's the connection that is secure, not the conversation.  (Unless you have previously established socially satisfactory identification exchange.)
<p>--- Day changed Wed Sep 18 2002
<p>00:00 &lt;@mids&gt; hush
<p>00:01 &lt;@mids&gt; we start in 1 hour
<p>00:01 &lt; Lorax&gt; but we are here now.
<p>00:01 &lt;@mids&gt; but the others aint
<p>00:01 &lt;@mids&gt; its not fair to start :)
<p>00:01 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+m] by mids
<p>00:02 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: not started
<p>00:03 &lt;@Chocolate&gt; starting in about 1 hour
<p>00:04 -!- mode/#iip-dev [-m] by Chocolate
<p>00:23 &lt; Lorax&gt; Why are the logs recording to a website already then?  hrm?  ;)
<p>00:23 &lt;+logger&gt; we are testing the live nsa wiretap
<p>00:24 &lt; Lorax&gt; ah, that is senseable.
<p>00:51 &lt; nop&gt; hi
<p>00:51 &lt; Roto&gt; hulloz
<p>00:53 &lt; thecrypto&gt; hello
<p>00:53 &lt; nop&gt; http://www.techtv.com/screensavers/supergeek/story/0,24330,3347481,00.html
<p>00:53 &lt; nop&gt; friend of mine
<p>00:54 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+o codeshark] by Trent
<p>00:54 &lt; nop&gt; just got back from a deposition
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; Tue Sep 17 23:00:09 UTC 2002
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; Welcome everybody
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; this is the 11th IIP meeting
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; maybe more, but then I lost count
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; :)
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; Agenda for now:
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; rc2 status update
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; website
<p>01:00 &lt;@mids&gt; open mic
<p>01:01 &lt;@mids&gt; .
<p>01:01 &lt; Roto&gt; .
<p>01:01 &lt;@mids&gt; nop is on the phone, but he might drop in
<p>01:01 &lt;@mids&gt; like you all know, rc2 has been 'almost there' for a long time
<p>01:01 &lt;@mids&gt; but it didnt work
<p>01:01 &lt;@mids&gt; now it does better :)
<p>01:01 &lt;@mids&gt; userx fixed some bugs with the end-end crypto
<p>01:02 &lt;@mids&gt; and with the 1.1 protocol
<p>01:02 &lt;@mids&gt; I tested it this weekend, and it works great
<p>01:02 &lt;@mids&gt; you can even do 2048 bit encryption etc
<p>01:02 &lt;@mids&gt; so, one step closer to the release
<p>01:02 &lt;@mids&gt; (heh we did say that often)
<p>01:02 &lt;@mids&gt; .
<p>01:03 &lt; codeshark2&gt; what is needed for the release? except the inform stuff?
<p>01:03 -!- codeshark is now known as nickthief53256
<p>01:03 -!- codeshark2 is now known as codeshark
<p>01:03 &lt;@mids&gt; only some minor things: fixup of the commandline help
<p>01:03 &lt;@mids&gt; manpage check
<p>01:04 &lt;@mids&gt; cant think about more
<p>01:04 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+o codeshark] by Trent
<p>01:04 &lt;@codeshark&gt; so, the source is ready
<p>01:04 &lt;@mids&gt; I'd say so
<p>01:05 &lt;@codeshark&gt; ok, i think we should create a build for internal testing then
<p>01:05 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:05 &lt;@mids&gt; ack (pending nops status)
<p>01:05 &lt;@codeshark&gt; and set up inform for the new protocol
<p>01:06 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: RC2
<p>01:06 &lt;@mids&gt; more rc2?
<p>01:06 &lt;@codeshark&gt; another thing we should discuss is: version numbers
<p>01:06 &lt;@codeshark&gt; why call it rc2 ;)
<p>01:06 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:06 &lt;@mids&gt; release candidate
<p>01:07 &lt;@codeshark&gt; yeah sure, but we changed a lot of stuff between rc1 and rc3
<p>01:07 &lt;@codeshark&gt; rc2
<p>01:07 &lt;@mids&gt; yes we did
<p>01:07 &lt;@mids&gt; it aint proper naming this way
<p>01:07 &lt;@mids&gt; based on the changes we should be at 1.3 now
<p>01:08 &lt;@codeshark&gt; yes
<p>01:08 &lt;@codeshark&gt; we could call it 1.3 RC-2 (and then make a final 1.3 soon)
<p>01:08 &lt;@mids&gt; nah
<p>01:09 &lt;@mids&gt; I'd say continue with the numbering like we do now
<p>01:09 &lt;@mids&gt; and in the future, release more often
<p>01:10 &lt;@codeshark&gt; ack
<p>01:10 &lt;@mids&gt; .
<p>01:10 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:10 &lt;@mids&gt; next thing: website
<p>01:10 &lt;@mids&gt; nop reviewed most text, some stuff is reworded
<p>01:11 &lt;@mids&gt; ellison (the designer) is now making a layout for the support page
<p>01:11 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: website
<p>01:11 &lt;@mids&gt; should be there in a week
<p>01:12 &lt;@mids&gt; the latest version of the site is on http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/www/
<p>01:12 &lt;@mids&gt; and in CVS ofcourse
<p>01:12 &lt;@mids&gt; .
<p>01:12 &lt;@mids&gt; site should be up soon too
<p>01:12 &lt;@mids&gt; .
<p>01:13  * mids hands the mic over to codeshark 
<p>01:13 &lt;@codeshark&gt; nothing to add ;)
<p>01:13 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:13 &lt;@mids&gt; yes you do
<p>01:13 &lt;@codeshark&gt; i do?
<p>01:13 &lt;@mids&gt; tell em about your work with the public nodes
<p>01:13 &lt;@codeshark&gt; about the website?
<p>01:13 &lt;@codeshark&gt; ok
<p>01:13 &lt;@mids&gt; how you rescued 2000
<p>01:13 &lt;@codeshark&gt; 23
<p>01:14 &lt;@codeshark&gt; our inform server does very strict checking on the relay nodes: our list has been reduced to about 6 nodes
<p>01:15 &lt;@codeshark&gt; i disabled one of these checks to allow nodes to be down more often
<p>01:15 &lt;@codeshark&gt; and most important:
<p>01:15 &lt;@codeshark&gt; i rescued all nodes ever added to inform and checked if they're still up
<p>01:16 &lt;@codeshark&gt; now, we have 23 nodes in our list
<p>01:16 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:16 &lt; _42&gt; how are nodes added to inform?
<p>01:16 &lt; nop&gt; awesom
<p>01:16 &lt; nop&gt; when you announce
<p>01:16 &lt; nop&gt; it sends a message to inform
<p>01:17 &lt;@codeshark&gt; just for the statist guys here: i added 1125 hosts from the log
<p>01:17 &lt; nop&gt; you know that's a lot of downloads ;)
<p>01:18 &lt;@codeshark&gt; about 300 of them were valid (dns resolves...) and unique hosts
<p>01:18 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:18 &lt;@mids&gt; currently we have 9 nodes on the list... in about 5 days (after the inform testing) that will be 23 (if they keep up)
<p>01:18 &lt;@mids&gt; .
<p>01:19 &lt;@codeshark&gt; right now 22/23 are up
<p>01:19 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:19 -!- mids changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: hurray for the saviour of the public nodes
<p>01:20 &lt; Roto&gt; .
<p>01:20 &lt;@mids&gt; okay, I am out of agenda items
<p>01:20 &lt; nop&gt; rc2
<p>01:20 &lt;@mids&gt; maybe nop has something to add
<p>01:20 &lt; nop&gt; rc2 will be released with website release
<p>01:20 &lt; nop&gt; we will be spending this week thoroughly testing it from a developer's standpoint
<p>01:20 &lt;@codeshark&gt; nop: we should create an internal build of rc2 asap
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; agreed
<p>01:21 &lt; _42&gt; What new features will be added to rc2?
<p>01:21 &lt;@codeshark&gt; so we can set up the network and test inform
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; Perfect Forward Security
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; 160 bit encryption end to end
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; 1536 bit network id
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; 2048 bit PFS keys
<p>01:21 &lt;@codeshark&gt; .
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; and all around just general bug fixes
<p>01:21 &lt; nop&gt; I will get a changelog
<p>01:22 &lt; nop&gt; .
<p>01:23 &lt;@mids&gt; I guess its open microphone time
<p>01:24 &lt;@mids&gt; you can reread the chatlogs of this and the previous meetings on http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/
<p>01:24 &lt;@mids&gt; questions? (I know that Lorax had some... :)
<p>01:25 -!- Chocolate changed the topic of #iip-dev to: IIP meeting | logs: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/ | Topic: open mic
<p>01:25 &lt;@Chocolate&gt; Lorax timed out
<p>01:25 &lt;@mids&gt; I know :)
<p>01:26  * Roto cheerleads
<p>01:26 &lt;@Chocolate&gt; I'd like to raise the issue of saner version numbers
<p>01:27 &lt;@Chocolate&gt; the feature changes from rc1 to rc2 where realy a minor version increment, not updates to a beta release
<p>01:30 &lt;@mids&gt; the updates got out of hand
<p>01:30 &lt;@mids&gt; for the common good.. but that is no excuse :)
<p>01:37 &lt;+logger&gt; official part is over, if you got more questions; ask here or in #iip
<p>01:37 &lt;+logger&gt; cya next week
<p>--- Log closed Wed Sep 18 01:37:46 2002
</div>
{% endblock %}
