{% extends "_layout.html" %}
{% block title %}I2P Development Meeting 25{% endblock %}
{% block content %}
<h3>I2P (invisiblenet) Development Meeting 25</h3>
<div class="irclog">
Courtesy of <a href="http://www.archive.org/">the wayback machine</a>.
<p>
<p>--- Topic for #iip-dev is IIP Meeting - logfiles:
<p>http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/
<p>&lt;nemesis&gt; nop, no meeting today?
<p>&lt;nop&gt; yes
<p>&lt;nop&gt; sorry
<p>&lt;nop&gt; ok
<p>&lt;nop&gt; welcome
<p>&lt;nemesis&gt; hi nop ;)
<p>&lt;nop&gt; hi
<p>&lt;nop&gt; agenda
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 1) welcome
<p>&lt;nemesis&gt; whats going on? everybody sleeps?
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 2) Happy New Year
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 3) Happy Holidays
<p>&lt;chscrtr&gt; hi, happy new year
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 4) IIP
<p>&lt;nemesis&gt; hehe, happy new year too
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; happy new year! :)
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 5) IIP logo contest
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 6) CryptoCon
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 4) IIP
<p>&lt;nop&gt; ok IIP
<p>&lt;nop&gt; it's kind of stagnant because of the holidays
<p>&lt;nop&gt; but I believe we're picking it back up
<p>&lt;nop&gt; any bug reports please send to iip@invisiblenet.net
<p>&lt;nop&gt; ok
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 5) IIP logo contest
<p>&lt;nop&gt; we'll being putting up something on our site about the rules etc
<p>&lt;nop&gt; and display the drawings we have so far
<p>&lt;nop&gt; please help out if you can
<p>&lt;nop&gt; get a free t-shirt and your logo on it
<p>&lt;nop&gt; 6) CryptoCon
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; cool
<p>&lt;nop&gt; we're trying to get a program committee and some organizational
<p>planning for Jan 2004 to have cryptocon happen
<p>&lt;nop&gt; join #cryptocon for any assistance etc
<p>&lt;nop&gt; anyway, that's about it
<p>&lt;nop&gt; questions?
<p>&lt;nop&gt; questions?
<p>&lt;nop&gt; ;)
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; nope
<p>&lt;nop&gt; ok
<p>&lt;nop&gt; meeting ajourned
<p>&lt;Neo&gt; nope
<p>&lt;Neo&gt; thanks. :)
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; np
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; oo, 1 thing
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; about cryptocon
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; is there a particular reason for organising your/your own?
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; there are general crypto confs out there that cyou could submit
<p>stuff 2
<p>&lt;nop&gt; well
<p>&lt;nop&gt; we want to attract businesses to meet cipherpunks
<p>&lt;nop&gt; and push cryptography more than it is
<p>&lt;nop&gt; this will be different
<p>&lt;mids&gt; fsck
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; gotcha
<p>&lt;nop&gt; missed it
<p>&lt;nop&gt; ;)
<p>&lt;mids&gt; sorry folks :)
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; it will just be a lot of work 4 u all
<p>&lt;mids&gt; is there still a point in bringing the logger here?
<p>&lt;mrflibble&gt; lol
<p>&lt;nemesis&gt; hehe
<p>&lt;nop&gt; well mrflibble I don't think it will be
<p>--- Log opened Wed Jan 08 00:14:47 2003
<p>00:14 -!- Topic for #iip-dev: IIP Meeting - logfiles: http://mids.student.utwente.nl/~mids/iip/
<p>00:14 [Users #iip-dev]
<p>00:14 [ chscrtr] [ logger] [ mrflibble] [ Neo] [ Nostradumbass] [ w    ] 
<p>00:14 [ co     ] [ mids  ] [ nemesis  ] [ nop] [ UserX        ] [ wilde] 
<p>00:14 -!- Irssi: #iip-dev: Total of 12 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 12 normal]
<p>00:15 &lt; nop&gt; we have a year to plan
<p>00:15 &lt; mrflibble&gt; true
<p>00:15 -!- Irssi: Join to #iip-dev was synced in 43 secs
<p>00:16 &lt; nop&gt; plus we need to raise money
<p>00:16 &lt; nop&gt; and this might help
<p>00:16 &lt; nop&gt; since no one likes to donate
<p>00:16 &lt; nop&gt; ;)
<p>00:16 &lt; chscrtr&gt; error - less than a year
<p>00:16 &lt; nemesis&gt; hm... nop, you are using knoppix right now, or?
<p>00:17 &lt; mrflibble&gt; ic
<p>00:17 &lt; nop&gt; suse right now
<p>00:17 &lt; mrflibble&gt; u might need to advertise a lot to get the sponsers
<p>00:17 &lt; mrflibble&gt; which will cost
<p>00:18 &lt; nemesis&gt; are you think that iip is important/stable enough to show it the world?
<p>00:18 &lt; chscrtr&gt; not that much, PR can be cheap
<p>00:18 &lt; nop&gt; nemesis I don't think I'm showing it to the world
<p>00:19 &lt; mrflibble&gt; hmm, i hope so
<p>00:19 &lt; nop&gt; It's a conference, separate concept
<p>00:19 &lt; mids&gt; ok, lizzy__ raised the point that the idleing time might give away too much information
<p>00:19 &lt; nemesis&gt; hehe
<p>00:19 &lt; nop&gt; yes it does
<p>00:19 &lt; mids&gt; so (s)he suggested to disable it server side
<p>00:19 &lt; nop&gt; we can take that out
<p>00:19 &lt; nop&gt; I've been wanting to do that
<p>00:19 &lt; nop&gt; ok
<p>00:19 &lt; nemesis&gt; cause, it would be nice when future releases are packed for trustix ;)
<p>00:19 &lt; nop&gt; will work on it
<p>00:19 &lt; mids&gt; also that registering your nickname pinpoints you and makes you more traceble
<p>00:19 &lt; mids&gt; so there should be a warning against that
<p>00:19 &lt; mids&gt; .
<p>00:20 &lt; mids&gt; I suggest that we metion the possible risks and issues more clear in the documentation
<p>00:20 &lt; mids&gt; mention
<p>00:20 &lt; mrflibble&gt; why is registering mae u more traceable?
<p>00:20 &lt; mrflibble&gt; make
<p>00:20 &lt; mids&gt; mrflibble: because once you identify, then you are guaranteed the same person as before
<p>00:21 &lt; mids&gt; while if you just use the same nick, you might not be the same person
<p>00:21 &lt; mids&gt; registering and identifying makes you pseudonymous
<p>00:21 &lt; mids&gt; instead of anonymous
<p>00:21 &lt; mrflibble&gt; oh
<p>00:21 &lt; mrflibble&gt; but that's good tho
<p>00:21 &lt; mrflibble&gt; trust is important
<p>00:24 &lt; mids&gt; yes, but you build a public record of information
<p>00:24 &lt; mids&gt; each time that you connect and say something, you add more info 
<p>00:24 &lt; mids&gt; there are tools which can identify the identity of people based on language patterns.
<p>00:25 &lt; mids&gt; the ones that I tried are not that good, but it is often quite easy to spot errors and make conclusions.
<p>00:25 &lt; mids&gt; I believe that it wouldn't harm to add a chapter about the risks even in an 'anonymous' environment to our manual
<p>00:25 &lt; mids&gt; and I invite lizzy__ to start with that chapter.
<p>00:25 &lt; mids&gt; .
<p>00:25 &lt; Nostradumbass&gt; That's why passing your text through multiple language translators can be useful
<p>00:27  * mids passes the microphone back to the audience
<p>00:28 &lt; mids&gt; oh, excuse for joining that late, if someone can send me the logs of the first 15 minutes then I would much appreciate it.
<p>00:28 &lt; mids&gt; .
<p>00:29 &lt; mrflibble&gt; ooh
<p>00:29 &lt; mrflibble&gt; gotcha
<p>00:29 &lt; mrflibble&gt; mids, make that about 5 minutes :)
<p>00:29 &lt; mids&gt; heh.
<p>00:30 &lt; mids&gt; did nop already say something about 1.1-final?
<p>00:30 &lt; mids&gt; like when we claim that it will be released ;)
<p>00:31 &lt; mrflibble&gt; nope
<p>00:31 &lt; mrflibble&gt; ill send u a capture
<p>00:31 &lt; mids&gt; gracias
<p>00:31 &lt; mrflibble&gt; shit, i cant
<p>00:31  * mrflibble slaps mrflibble around a bit with a large trout
<p>00:31 &lt; mrflibble&gt; ill cut and paste
<p>00:32 &lt; mrflibble&gt; hope i dont flood myself off
<p>00:32 &lt; mids&gt; in private please
<p>00:32 &lt; mids&gt; okay, now this unofficial meeting is officially closed
<p>00:32 &lt; mids&gt; :)
<p>00:32 &lt; nemesis&gt; looool
<p>--- Log closed Wed Jan 08 00:33:43 2003
</div>
{% endblock %}
