13:01 < jrandom> 0) hi
13:01 < jrandom> 1) Net status
13:01 < jrandom> 2) SSU introductions / NAT hole punching
13:01 < jrandom> 3) Bounties
13:01 < jrandom> 4) Client app directions
13:01 < jrandom> 5) ???
13:01 < jrandom> 0) hi
13:01  * jrandom waves
13:01 < jrandom> weekly status notes posted up (before the meeting!) at http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2005-September/000892.html
13:01 < jrandom> (drop the .net if you prefer, of course)
13:03 < jrandom> jumping on in to 1) Net status
13:03 < jrandom> there are a few users bouncing a bit on irc, but it seems pretty good for most
13:04 < jrandom> does anyone have any reports regarding other protocols to bring up, or questions/concerns regarding the net status?
13:05 <@cervantes> I've found this version to be the most stable since 0.4.x
13:05 <@cervantes> so top work! ;-)
13:05 < jrandom> w00t
13:05 < jrandom> ok, if there's nothing else on 1) net status, lets move on to 2) SSU introductions
13:06 < jrandom> I don't really have much to add beyond whats in the email - anyone have any questions/comments/concerns?
13:07 < jrandom> if not, i suppose we'll be hearing more when 0.6.0.6 comes out ;)
13:07 < jrandom> ok, moving on to 3) bounties
13:07  * cervantes battens down the hatches
13:08  * cervantes wonders if people have got the hang of the new meeting time yet
13:08 < jrandom> hmm, it doesn't seem like Comwiz is around at the moment.  I suppose we can expect more info when its ready
13:08 < jrandom> bah, bloody americans and their slow time zones
13:09 <+Myo9> I though you were one, having your own bunker and all. ;)
13:09  * susi23 listens to the dialog ;)
13:10 < jrandom> ok, if there's nothing else on 3), we can race on through to 4) client apps directions
13:11 < jrandom> lots of typing in the mail, so rather than repeat it here, anyone have any thoughts on it?  
13:11 < jrandom> its not just an immediate question, if/when people want to chime in on that stuff, please feel free to post to the forum or list as well
13:12 <@cervantes> there's a new Application Support section in the forum, which is a good place to post about such matters
13:12 < jrandom> ah good call
13:13 < jrandom> also the discussion section for non-support comments, e.g. prioritization stuff
13:13 < jrandom> ok, working us towards the first under-15-minute meeting in a long time...
13:14 < kbi> i guess the meetings go fast when everyone is happy
13:15 < jrandom> could be, and hopefully we'll get some posts on the list and the forum
13:15 < jrandom> ok, moving on to 5) ???
13:15 < jrandom> anyone have anything else they want to bring up for the meeting?
13:15 <@cervantes> (except their lunch)
13:17 <@cervantes> there goes 15 mins
13:17  * jrandom winds up
13:17  * jrandom *baf*s the meeting closed
